feat(styles): set up base CSS styles for `relatedProducts` widget (#6148)
algolia/instantsearch.js: specs/src/pages/widgets/related-products.md

        <li class="ais-RelatedProducts-item">
          Hit 4397400: Google - Chromecast - Black
        </li>
        <li class="ais-RelatedProducts-item">
          Hit 5477500: Amazon - Fire TV Stick with Alexa Voice Remote - Black
        </li>
        <li class="ais-RelatedProducts-item">
          Hit 4397400: Google - Chromecast - Black
        </li>
        <li class="ais-RelatedProducts-item">
          Hit 4397400: Google - Chromecast - Black
        </li>
        <li class="ais-RelatedProducts-item">
          Hit 5477500: Amazon - Fire TV Stick with Alexa Voice Remote - Black
        </li>
        <li class="ais-RelatedProducts-item">
          Hit 4397400: Google - Chromecast - Black
        </li>
      </ol>
    </div>
  </div>
classes:
  - name: .ais-RelatedProducts
    description: the root div of the widget
  - name: .ais-RelatedProducts-title
    description: the title heading of the widget
  - name: .ais-RelatedProducts-container
    description: the container for the list of results
  - name: .ais-RelatedProducts-list
    description: the list of results
  - name: .ais-RelatedProducts-item
    description: the hit list item
options:
  - name: objectIDs

>     description: objectIDs of the items to get the frequently bought together items from

Author: Ah! It's actually Related Products here 😅 

```suggestion
    description: objectIDs of the items to get the Related Products items from
```
